usage: 2APL/SimpleEpiDemic Disease Simulation
       [-h] --config CONFIGURATION --mode-liberal MODELIBERAL
       --mode-conservative MODECONSERVATIVE [--fatigue FATIGUE]
       [--fatigue-start FATIGUESTART] [--disease-seed-days DISEASESEEDDAYS]
       [--disease-seed-number DISEASESEEDNUMBER]
       [--disease-seed-additional-frequency ADDITIONALDISEASEDAYS]
       [--disease-seed-additional-number ADDITIONALDISEASEDAYSNUM]
       [--threads THREADS] [--log-properties LOGPROPERTIES]
       [--connect-pansim] [--write-graph] [--suppress-calculations]
       [--output-dir OUTPUTDIR]

A ecological simulation environment for  simulation  of human acceptance of
measures aimed at reducing spread of novel diseases

named arguments:
  -h, --help             show this help message and exit
  --config CONFIGURATION
                         Specify the TOML configuration file

Behavior Calibration:
  Arguments used for calibrating the behavior model

  --mode-liberal MODELIBERAL, -ml MODELIBERAL
                         The mode of  the  government attitude distribution
                         of liberal voting agents
  --mode-conservative MODECONSERVATIVE, -mc MODECONSERVATIVE
                         The mode of  the  government attitude distribution
                         of liberal voting agents
  --fatigue FATIGUE      The fatigue factor related to  trust of the agent.
                         After  `fatigue-start`,   this   factor   will  be
                         subtracted from the agent's  prior trust every day
                         (default: 0)
  --fatigue-start FATIGUESTART
                         When (time step) to  start  decreasing the agent's
                         trust using the fatigue factor (default: 0)

Disease Calibration:
  Arguments used for calibrating the disease model

  --disease-seed-days DISEASESEEDDAYS
                         The number of days at  the beginning of simulation
                         to seed the  --disease-seed-number  of agents with
                         an  infected  state.  If  this  argument  is  also
                         specified  in  the  TOML  configuration,  the  CLI
                         value takes precedent. If  no  value is specified,
                         no agents are seeded with the disease
  --disease-seed-number DISEASESEEDNUMBER
                         The  number  of   agents   at   the  beginning  of
                         simulation to seed  during  the initial --disease-
                         seed-days  with  an   infected   state.   If  this
                         argument   is   also   specified   in   the   TOML
                         configuration, the CLI  value  takes precedent. If
                         no value is specified,  no  agents are seeded with
                         the disease
  --disease-seed-additional-frequency ADDITIONALDISEASEDAYS
                         A number of  days  between  additional  seeding of
                         infectious  agents.  After   initial  seeding  has
                         finished, an  additional  --disease-seed-number of
                         agents will  be  seeded  with  an  infected  state
                         every --disease-seed-additional-frequency days. E.
                         g., if the initial number  of  days is 5, and this
                         value is 10, agents  will  be  seeded  on the 1th,
                         2nd, 3th, 4th, 5th, 10th,  20th,  30th etc days of
                         the  simulation.   If   this   argument   is  also
                         specified  in  the  TOML  configuration,  the  CLI
                         value takes precedent. If  no  value is specified,
                         no agents are seeded  with  the  disease after the
                         initial seeding
  --disease-seed-additional-number ADDITIONALDISEASEDAYSNUM
                         The number of  agents  to  seed  during additional
                         seeding, an  additional --disease-seed-additional-
                         number (or --disease-seed-number  if this argument
                         is not set)  of  agents  will  be  seeded  with an
                         infected  state  every  --disease-seed-additional-
                         frequency days. E.g.,  if  the  initial  number of
                         days is 5, and this  value  is  10, agents will be
                         seeded on  the  1th,  2nd,  3th,  4th,  5th, 10th,
                         20th, 30th etc  days  of  the  simulation. If this
                         argument   is   also   specified   in   the   TOML
                         configuration, the CLI  value  takes precedent. If
                         no value is specified,  no  agents are seeded with
                         the disease after the initial seeding

Runtime optimization:
  --threads THREADS, -t THREADS
                         Specify  the  number   of   threads   to  use  for
                         execution (default: 8)
  --log-properties LOGPROPERTIES
                         (default: logging.properties)
  --connect-pansim, -c   If this argument is  present,  the simulation will
                         run  in  PANSIM  mode,  meaning  it  will  sendthe
                         generated behavior to  the  PANSIM environment. If
                         absent,  no  PANSIM   connection  is  required,but
                         behavior is not interpreted (default: false)
  --write-graph, -g      If this  argument  is  passed,  the  program will,
                         every time step, write the  state of each agent,as
                         well as each visit-pair  of  agents  who have been
                         in the same location at the  same time, to a file.
                         This can be used to  construct  a network graph of
                         interactions over time,  but  slows the simulation
                         down  significantly,  and  is  more  demanding  on
                         memory resources. (default: false)
  --suppress-calculations
                         Suppress all secondary  calculations  not required
                         to run the simulation,  such  as calculation ofthe
                         radius   of   gyration,    visit   averages,   and
                         everything   that    is    only    calculated   to
                         performlogging (default: false)
  --output-dir OUTPUTDIR, -o OUTPUTDIR
                         Specify a sub directory  of  "output" where output
                         files of the  behavior  model  will  be stored. By
                         default,  the  current  time  code  will  be  used
                         (default: 2021-03-04T11:25:58.988615)